Project 1 - Britania mansion 


This project is designed to put players in a situation where you are a well known detective hired to find the family emblem. 
The emblem itself is not something as a player you obtain rather a finish line.

How it works:
You start at the front gate of the mansion and are greeted by guards that you can interact with.
Some rooms have characters and most characters require an item you must find in a room and obtain but the command "take". Once you obtain 
the required item you can talk to the character that needs that item in order to progress. Since the anwser each time is randomize, 
some characters will give you a clue on who you should check on to find the emblem if the anwser is not them.
Once you talk to or give the correct character the correct item you win the game.

Input:
There are command words that can be used to help you. Just by typing "list" you will see them and their description.
Make sure everything you type is lowercase and do not add extra spaces.

Problem:
The only problem with this project accepting the items from the room. When you pick up an item you are asked if you really want to take it before it crashes
because of weird error with the input that I could not figure out. 

Though the inventory is a big part of clearing the game you can just use the command quit to end it.

For each character there is dialougue that gives you a hint of your next step and if you care enough there is a story.


Here is the story:

Here in the Britania mansion lives the Britania family. They have maids and butlers and two children belong to the family, Maple and Alexander. 
Mr Britania is always shut away in the basement working on "research" while Mrs. Britania wonders the mansion. She seems 
to be suffering from dementia. Maple is a 9 year old child who complains about not getting enough attention and during the game she has lost her stuffed
rabbit that she calls a dog.Meanwhile her 15 year old brother, Alexander, 
during the game is making a stuffed dog for her sister so that she stops crying. Though he does not know how to sew through trial and error, 
many bandaids and hours of trying he slowly makes progress. The maid is alway working and seems to hold herself to a strict time scedule. 
Guard 1 is the brother of guard 2 who has lost a precious watch and repeadly states "Tik Tok" to remind himself of the sounds.
Mrs Britania has a note hidden somewhere in the house that only has "Spend time with Alexander and Maple" that is dated from a year ago. 
A year ago Mrs Britania caught Mr Britania in a scandal and it has caused her alot of mental distress. This has caused her development in dementia where
she is stuck in a loop of thought. That is why she still looks for a note from a year ago with her scedule stating to spend
time with her kids but she can not break free.